I am an accountant and have never met a woman before getting married. OK!
It doesn't matter if cooperation hasn't been negotiated for a hundred years.
What does this job require? You may have already guided the arm.
Boss, although I am over there,
I will definitely make a decision for you and there will definitely be a way.
I'm not good at it.
Whatever it is, I see it as a woman.
That's really it, otherwise we will learn these things later.
I'm almost ready, you can hug me too.
No need for you, sorry.
Hurry up and watch the video, don’t you want to sleep in the future? Come and care together
Persistence makes him pull
Then it's all over
Of course what will happen to you people now?
Don’t be a generational disease
I don’t know. I’m going to sweat it.
I don’t understand. Eat here and deploy it.
We didn't expect that it would suddenly bloom
I haven't gone through
Do we eat much?
You can eat here
Don't follow us anymore
Come back and give us a signature later
The hotel is no longer needed, yes, yes, yes
I'm not telling you
how do you say
I'm so sorry that I didn't leave yesterday.
My girlfriend drank too much
I am silently silently silently silently silently silently silently silently
Silently, silently, silently, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky
Sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky. sticky